{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Preliminary Data Preprocessing\
- ETL notebook\
- ML notebook (filter to four dataframes: FL 2010-2019/CA 2010-2019/FL 2020/CA 2020) using .loc\
\
Description of preliminary feature engineering and preliminary feature selection including decision making process.\
- Group considered variables available in real estate date set (bedrooms, county, state, dates 1996-2020). Knowing we wanted to explore how COVID rates impacted real estate prices, Avg_Price identified as target. \
- First separate out actual 2020 Average Prices - previous year data will be used in linear regression ML model to predict 2020 prices \'93would have been\'94 (2010-2019 = train set, 2020 actual = test set)\
- Linear regression model would provide predictive analysis based on previous dataset trends (continuous values, not categorical/discrete).\
** Limitations and benefits of Linear Regression\
- Created various visuals using bedroom # for Los Angeles only. Based on number of counties, regions, and metro location identifiers, separating two states (FL/CA) into separate visuals proved helpful. Each state still contains large number of location identifiers, through using .nunique, regions were too great in number to demonstrate helpful visualizations (488/639) and counties had slightly more than metro - cleanest visualizations generated using Metro identifiers. \
\
How does it work? Predictive modeling technique for continuous variables\
Why linear regression? House prices are continuous (not discrete) so categorical analysis not a good fit\
Accuracy: \
Precision: \
Sensitivity:\
Statistics involved (if not included, what would you include with more time?)\
If you had more time, what would you investigate further for fine tuning? Could apply a categorical ML model on impacts of COVID19 cases on real estate prices (increases OR decreases)}